-------------------------------------
	4-2	-
-------------------------------------
Viewing a VM's screen shot in a new window while running now
prints a descriptive error rather than displaying a blank
screen if the Oracle VM Extension Pack is not installed.

Re-enabled console tab in IE. Disabling it in the first place
was because of a HUGE oversight on my part :) Which leads to
the next feature.

Console tab now displays a message if the Adobe Flash plugin is
not installed.

Host network card and drive list is now properly refreshed when
refreshing host info via the Machine -> Refresh menu item.

Added MAC Address to Guest Network Adapters dialog.

Default RDP port when creating a VM is now 3389-4000. Allowing
for a range of ports.

Fixed VM creation bug that created all VMs with an Unknown OS
type and name set to the specified OS type.

Fixed VM creation bug that would incorrectly display 'None' as
the hard drive after creation until the newly created VM was
refreshed.

-------------------------------------
	4-1 - 2011-01-09
-------------------------------------
Changed behavior of file browser to always use config setting
for browserLocal regardless of browser's host. This should be
OK now that IVFSExplorer bugs are fixed in VirtualBox 4.0.

Fixed bug in Create HardDisk wizard functionality that would
only allow a disk of size 1MB to be created.

Fixed bug in display settings when the RDP extension pack is
not installed.

Fixed "Detach" console bug.

Disable Console tab when IE is detected. The Flash RDP client
from Oracle does not appear to work with IE. Even the demo
distributed with the flash control does not work. It appears
that RDPWebEventLoaded event is never triggered after the
flash control loads. -- Invalid - 2011-1-10

Max HD slider size in New HD wizard is now limited to 512GB.
Anything over that and the slider loses so much precision that
it becomes useless. You may still type a larger size in the
size text box. E.g. "1 TB"

-------------------------------------
	4-0 - 2011-01-07
-------------------------------------
UI and back-end changes to match new version of VirtualBox.

Updated jquery-ui to 1.8.2.

Updated jquery to 1.4.4

Fixed bug that would not allow console connections if accessing
phpVirtualBox through a URL where a port is specified. E.g.
http://myhost:8080/phpVirtualBox

Added json_encode() for PHP compiled with --disable-json and
PHP versions < 5.2.0.

Fixed compatibility issues with PHP 5.1.x.

"rdpHost" setting changed to "consoleHost"

Added VirtualBox version to host in VM list and on the host
details tab.

Added multiple server functionality.

Fixed case sensitivity for $browserRestrictFiles setting.

Fixed bug when using OSE where the Shared Folders section would
not be selected when "Shared Folders" is clicked on from the
Details tab / section.

Exporting a VM defaults to '.ova' file.

Added language contexts.

Changed cache temp dir location to try environment variables
first.

Fixed bug that would not send the 'Esc' key to the console when
pressed.

Changed back to GPL license.

Added multiple server support.

You can now power off a VM that is in a "Stuck" state.

Versioning scheme is now
	(VirtualBox compatible version)-(phpVirtualBox version)

Fixed bug that would not display error message on failure to
connect to vboxwebsrv.

Removed old imgpng requirement as VirtualBox can now export
screen shots as PNG data.

Fixed media mounting bug that would not allow anything other than
host drives to be mounted.

-------------------------------------
		0.5 - 2010-08-10
-------------------------------------
Fixed some English translations.

Added fr_fr and de_de languages. 

Fixed top toolbar and Virtual Media Manger translation bugs.

Fixed OSE startup bug and removed console tab when OSE is
detected.

Fixed Host Details bug that would not display the VirtualBox
host server's details when it is selected in the list of vms.

Fixed bug in File -> Preferences that would not correctly
reflect a change made to any prefrences on the General tab.

Workaround for Console tab resize bug that would disconnect from
an existing console session when the window was resized. Now, it
automatically reconnects after a window resize event.

Applied UI enhancements patch supplied by compuwizard123
http://code.google.com/u/compuwizard123/

Host details now include VirtualBox version.

-------------------------------------
		0.4 - 2010-07-24
-------------------------------------
Fixed numerous translation bugs.

Fixed bug that would not allow the addition of more than 4
storage controller types in VM Settings.

Changed WSDL cache to use memory only instead of both memory
and disk. (PHP SoapClient WSDL_CACHE_MEMORY option).

RDP host (for console tab and details tab RDP links) is now
selected in the following order:
	1) VM Configured host (would have to be set with VboxManage)
	2) rdpHost setting in config.php
	3) host in location setting of config.php
	*) if host is 'localhost' or '127.0.0.1' use web browser
		location's URL host as last resort

Fixed bug in file / folder browser that would display the full
path of files / folders rather than just their names. This only
affected *nix web servers connecting to VirtualBox running on
Windows hosts. I can't imagine this is a very common scenario:)

Better error handling and meaningful error message when there
is a PHP error, and phpVirtualBox fails to load.

Fixed bug that would not allow you to enter your own internal
network name in VM network configurations where Attached To: is
set to Internal Network.

Fixed bug that would break phpVirtualBox when
allow_call_time_pass_reference is set to Off in php.ini.

Removed ReflectionClass dependency. This also changes all
config options in config.php to use 'var' instead of 'const.'

License changed from GPL to MIT.

-------------------------------------
        0.3 - 2010-07-05
-------------------------------------
Fixed bug in file/folder browser that would incorrectly display
files as folders and folders as files in some cases.

Added Console tab.

Added OSE support. This effectively removes the console tab,
USB, and VRDP support when OSE is detected.

Fixed bug in Host-networking interfaces pane that would cause
tabs to disappear if editing a host interface more than once
without refreshing.

Made VM list and main tab content scrollable.

Added Guest Network Adapter info. This queries guest additions
for network adapter IP information of a running VM.

Added Clone, Make Immutable, and Make Normal functionality to
Virtual Media Manager.

Fixed bug in Virtual Media Manager that would allow a user to
try to release a medium that is attached to a snapshot. This
attempt would always fail.

Fixed bug that would cause saving USB filters to fail.

Added Import / Export Appliance. NOTE: Some configurable
import settings are ignored (e.g. network interface type).
These are also ignored when importing from the VirtualBox
GUI, and so appears to be a bug in VirtualBox itself.

Added file type icons to file / folder browser.

Fixed ineternal network dropdown list in Virtual Machine
settings.

-------------------------------------
        0.2 - 2010-06-14
-------------------------------------
Initial Release
